# UPDATE - read first!

It turns out that this was **not** a bug related to issue [#7811](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll/issues/7811).

The problem turned out to be the fact that the two subclasses did not set a `relative_path`. Jekyll 4's Liquid cache uses the `relative_path` (the path to the content source file on the file system) as the key in the cache. As this plugin generates pages that do not have a corresponding file on the file system the `relative_path` defaults to an empty string. As a result, the key for the `NewsListingsPage` matched the entry in the cache that was created when pages of the `NewsItemPage` subclass were created. Consequently the original Liquid layout from the cache was used instead.

The current code addresses this by explicitly setting a `relative_path` in each subclass so that the key clash does not occur. The code in its original form can be found using the tag: `pre-fix`

Many thanks to @ashmaroli for help with this issue and for making suggestions on how to improve the plugin code - for example, this plugin could be improved by caching the layout as a class constant and not reading it each time.


# Original README text - Possible Jekyll bug related to #7811

This is an example Jekyll site to help investigate a bug that is possibly related to issue [#7811](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll/issues/7811)

When the Jekyll site is created the page at /news/browse.html should list the months that have news items. In this example site it should just list December 2019 and January 2020 in a bulleted list. These items should then link through to the month listings - one page each for for December 2019 and January 2020 (these in turn have links to the individual news posts).

The /news/browse.html page and the two month pages (/news/122019.html and /news/012020.html) are generated by a custom plugin: _plugins/news-month-listings.rb

However, the /news/browse.html page is created using an incorrect _layout by the custom plugin. Instead of using _layouts/news_browse.html as specified in the custom plugin it's using _layouts/news_by_month.html

Further information can be found on the root index.html page of the generated site.
